[DOC-7548][DOC-7549] SCIM provisioning doc improvements (#17278)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/configure-scim-provisioning.md

## Overview of SCIM provisioning

This section describes how SCIM provisioning works if you use Okta. Depending on how your IdP has implemented SCIM, some details may differ.

If your IdP is Okta, then it may be helpful to read Okta's [article about SCIM](https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/scim/), as well as [Configure provisioning for an app integration
](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Provisioning/lcm/lcm-provision-application.htm) in the Okta documentation. Otherwise, refer to your IdP's documentation about configuring SCIM.

One time per cluster, in your IdP, an IAM admin creates a SCIM app integration and configures it to authenticate to {{ site.data.products.db }} using a {{ site.data.products.db }} service account with the [**Org Administrator (legacy)** role](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy).

From then on, the app integration works as follows.

### Automatic provisioning

1. When an IAM admin assigns a user or group to the app integration, the app integration uses the {{ site.data.products.db }} API to provision an account for the user, or for each of the group's members.

> 1. When an IAM admin unassigns a user or group from the app integration, or when the user or group is removed from the IdP, the app integration provisions or deactivates users in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on the app integration's assignments.

Author: This was just a typo: s/provisions/deprovisions.

Depending on your IdP's configuration, provisioned users can access your {{ site.data.products.db }} organization using either your IdP's interface or your {{ site.data.products.db }} organization's custom sign-in URL.

When a user is directly or indirectly unassigned, their {{ site.data.products.db }} account is disabled or removed, depending on the capabilities of your IdP. To remove a disabled user from {{ site.data.products.db }}, refer to [Manage an Organization's Members](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users).

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Okta disables deprovisioned users and does not support deleting them.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

### SCIM group push

> Accounts are provisioned only based on assignments in the SCIM app integration. Assigning an IAM group to the app integration is equivalent to assigning each of the group's members individually. Assigning a group to the app integration does not create a group in {{ site.data.products.db }}, {{ site.data.products.db }} has no awareness of group membership, and within {{ site.data.products.db }}, role assignments must be applied to each account separately.

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts are provisioned only based on assignments in the SCIM app integration. Assigning an IAM group to the app integration is equivalent to assigning each of the group's members individually. Assigning a group to the app integration does not create a group in {{ site.data.products.db }}. Unless [Group Push](#automate-group-management) is enabled, {{ site.data.products.db }} has no awareness of group membership, and within {{ site.data.products.db }}, role assignments must be applied to each account separately.
```

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> [System for Cross-Domain Identity Management SCIM](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7644) autoprovisioning centralizes and automates provisioning and deprovisioning for {{ site.data.products.db }} organization users and groups from your identity provider (IdP).

Reviewer: I would include "identity management" somewhere here, since in addition to provisioning and deprovisioning it centralizes and automates user management (e.g. updates to user profile information)

Rather than using [invitations](managing-access.html#invite-team-members-to-an-organization) or self-service [autoprovisioning](cloud-org-sso.html#autoprovisioning), SCIM autoprovisioning tasks are performed centrally by a team of IAM admins in your IdP, who manage the assignment of your organization's users to your organization's app integrations. This page describes SCIM provisioning and shows how to configure and use it to provision {{ site.data.products.db }} users.

## Overview of SCIM provisioning

This section describes how SCIM provisioning works if you use Okta. Depending on how your IdP has implemented SCIM, some details may differ.

> If your IdP is Okta, then it may be helpful to read Okta's [article about SCIM](https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/scim/), as well as [Configure provisioning for an app integration
> ](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Provisioning/lcm/lcm-provision-application.htm) in the Okta documentation. Otherwise, refer to your IdP's documentation about configuring SCIM.

Author: ```suggestion
If your IdP is Okta, then it may be helpful to read Okta's [article about SCIM(https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/scim/), as well as [Configure provisioning for an app integration
](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Provisioning/lcm/lcm-provision-application.htm) in the Okta documentation. Otherwise, refer to your IdP's documentation about configuring SCIM.
```

> To configure SCIM provisioning, an IAM admin creates a SCIM app integration in your IdP and configures it to authenticate to {{ site.data.products.db }} using a {{ site.data.products.db }} service account with the [**Org Administrator (legacy)** role](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure SCIM provisioning, an IAM admin creates a SCIM app integration in your IdP and configures it to authenticate to {{ site.data.products.db }} using a {{ site.data.products.db }} service account with the [**Org Administrator**](authorization.html#org-administrator) or [**Org Administrator (legacy)** role](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy).
```

From then on, the app integration works as follows.

### Automatic provisioning

1. When an IAM admin assigns a user or group to the app integration, the app integration uses the {{ site.data.products.db }} API to provision an account for the user, or for each of the group's members.
1. When an IAM admin unassigns a user or group from the app integration, or when the user or group is removed from the IdP, the app integration removes or deactivates users in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on the app integration's assignments.

When a user is directly or indirectly unassigned, their {{ site.data.products.db }} account is disabled or removed, depending on the capabilities of your IdP. To remove a disabled user from {{ site.data.products.db }}, refer to [Manage an Organization's Members](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users).

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Okta disables deprovisioned users and does not support deleting them.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

### SCIM group push

> User accounts are provisioned only based on assignments in the SCIM app integration. Assigning an IAM group to the app integration is equivalent to assigning each of the group's members individually. Assigning a group to the app integration does not create a group and links its members in {{ site.data.products.db }}, unless [Group Push](#automate-group-management) is enabled. When {{ site.data.products.db }} has no awareness of group membership, role assignments must be applied to each user account separately.

Reviewer 2: Also, should we say that the "does not create a group and links its members.." statement is more about Okta based on our testing. The behavior may be different for other IdPs and will have to be tested. Please reach out to support if you're trying a different IdP and it doesn't work as expected.

> User accounts are provisioned only based on assignments in the SCIM app integration. Assigning an IAM group to the app integration is equivalent to assigning each of the group's members individually. Assigning a group to the app integration does not create a group and links its members in {{ site.data.products.db }}, unless [Group Push](#automate-group-management) is enabled. When {{ site.data.products.db }} has no awareness of group membership, role assignments must be applied to each user account separately.

Author: Updated your suggestion to accommodate this.

Depending on what it supports, your IdP may provide a mechanism to sync IAM groups as groups in {{ site.data.products.db }}. In Okta, this functionality is called _Group Push_. When this functionality is configured:

1. You can configure the SCIM app integration to selectively synchronize details about an IAM group to {{ site.data.products.db }}, including the group's name and membership list. In Okta, this group is said to be _pushed_.
1. Within {{ site.data.products.db }}, you can assign roles to a pushed group, and those roles are automatically assigned to the individual group members with provisioned accounts in {{ site.data.products.db }}.
1. An account is only ever automatically provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on assignments in the SCIM app integration.

>     - If a group is pushed but not assigned to the SCIM app in your IdP, roles can be granted to the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}, and group members who are already provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} or who are assigned to the app integration in the future, automatically receive those roles.

Reviewer 2: Again, I think we should indicate that this is all applicable to Okta specifically, and we don't know the behavior with other IdPs yet.

Author: This whole section is about Okta, see line 42.

    - If a group is assigned to the SCIM app in your IdP but is not pushed, the group does not appear in {{ site.data.products.db }}, but user accounts are automatically provisioned for its members.

1. When details about a pushed IAM group change, such as the group's name or membership, these changes are automatically reflected in {{ site.data.products.db }}, unless group push is subsequently disabled for the group.

To learn more about Group Push, refer to [Automate Group Management](#automate-group-management).

## Requirements

1. As a user with either the [**Org Administrator**](authorization.html#org-administrator) or [**Org Administrator (legacy)** role](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy) role:

   1. [Enable Cloud Organization SSO](configure-cloud-org-sso.html#enable-cloud-organization-sso).

>    1. [Create a service account](managing-access.html#create-a-service-account) with the [**Org Administrator (legacy)** role](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy) and make a note of its API token. This is the bearer token the IdP will use to authenticate to the {{ site.data.products.db }} API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. [Create a service account](managing-access.html#create-a-service-account) with the [**Org Administrator (legacy)**](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy) or [**Org Administrator** role](authorization.html#org-administrator) and make a note of its API token. This is the bearer token the IdP will use to authenticate to the {{ site.data.products.db }} API.
```

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> [System for Cross-Domain Identity Management SCIM](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7644) autoprovisioning centralizes and automates provisioning, deprovisioning, and role assignments for {{ site.data.products.db }} organization users and groups from your identity provider (IdP).

Author: Done

From then on, the app integration works as follows.

### Automatic provisioning

1. When an IAM admin assigns a user or group to the app integration, the app integration uses the {{ site.data.products.db }} API to provision an account for the user, or for each of the group's members.
1. When an IAM admin unassigns a user or group from the app integration, or when the user or group is removed from the IdP, the app integration removes or deactivates users in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on the app integration's assignments.

When a user is directly or indirectly unassigned, their {{ site.data.products.db }} account is disabled or removed, depending on the capabilities of your IdP. To remove a disabled user from {{ site.data.products.db }}, refer to [Manage an Organization's Members](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users).

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Okta disables deprovisioned users and does not support deleting them.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> ### SCIM group push

Author: ```suggestion
<a id="scim-group-push"></a>
### SCIM group push with Okta
```

From then on, the app integration works as follows.

### Automatic provisioning

1. When an IAM admin assigns a user or group to the app integration, the app integration uses the {{ site.data.products.db }} API to provision an account for the user, or for each of the group's members.
1. When an IAM admin unassigns a user or group from the app integration, or when the user or group is removed from the IdP, the app integration removes or deactivates users in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on the app integration's assignments.

When a user is directly or indirectly unassigned, their {{ site.data.products.db }} account is disabled or removed, depending on the capabilities of your IdP. To remove a disabled user from {{ site.data.products.db }}, refer to [Manage an Organization's Members](managing-access.html#manage-an-organizations-users).

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Okta disables deprovisioned users and does not support deleting them.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

<a id="scim-group-push"></a>
### SCIM group push with Okta

> User accounts are provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} only based on assignments in the SCIM app integration. Assigning an IAM group to the app integration is equivalent to assigning each of the group's members individually. Assigning a group to the app integration does not create a group in {{ site.data.products.db }}. To create the group in {{ site.data.products.db }} and keep its membership in sync with {{ site.data.products.db }}, you must configure your IdP. If your IdP is Okta, you must enable [Group Push](#automate-group-management). When {{ site.data.products.db }} has no awareness of group membership, role assignments must be applied to each user account separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
User accounts are provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on assignments in the SCIM app integration. Assigning an IAM group to the app integration is equivalent to assigning each of the group's members individually. But assigning a group to the app integration may or may not create a group and add links to member users in {{ site.data.products.db }} depending on how app integration works in your IdP. To create the group in {{ site.data.products.db }} and keep its membership in sync with {{ site.data.products.db }}, you may have to additionally configure your IdP. If your IdP is Okta, you must enable [Group Push](#automate-group-management).

When {{ site.data.products.db }} has no awareness of group membership, role assignments must be applied to each user account separately.
```

> Depending on what it supports, your IdP may provide a mechanism to sync IAM groups as groups in {{ site.data.products.db }}. In Okta, this functionality is called _Group Push_. When this functionality is configured:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As indicated above, you must enable _Group Push_ in Okta to sync IAM groups as groups in {{ site.data.products.db }}. When this functionality is configured:
```

> Depending on what it supports, your IdP may provide a mechanism to sync IAM groups as groups in {{ site.data.products.db }}. In Okta, this functionality is called _Group Push_. When this functionality is configured:

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on what it supports, your IdP may provide a mechanism to sync IAM groups as groups in {{ site.data.products.db }}. In Okta, you must enable _Group Push_. When Group Push is enabled:
```

1. You can configure the SCIM app integration to selectively synchronize details about an IAM group to {{ site.data.products.db }}, including the group's name and membership list. In Okta, this group is said to be _pushed_.
1. Within {{ site.data.products.db }}, you can assign roles to a pushed group, and those roles are automatically assigned to the individual group members with provisioned accounts in {{ site.data.products.db }}.
1. A user account is only ever automatically provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} based on assignments in the SCIM app integration.

>     - If a group is pushed but not assigned to the SCIM app in your IdP, roles can be granted to the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}, and group members who are already provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} or who are assigned to the app integration in the future, automatically receive those roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If a group is pushed but not assigned to the SCIM app in Okta, roles can be granted to the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}, and group members who are already provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }} or who are assigned to the app integration in the future, automatically receive those roles.
```

>     - If a group is assigned to the SCIM app in your IdP but is not pushed, the group does not appear in {{ site.data.products.db }}, but user accounts are automatically provisioned for its members.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If a group is assigned to the SCIM app in Okta but is not pushed, the group does not appear in {{ site.data.products.db }}, but user accounts are automatically provisioned for its members.
```

{% include_cached feature-phases/limited-access.md %}
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> [System for Cross-Domain Identity Management SCIM](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7644) helps centralize and automate provisioning, deprovisioning, and identity management for {{ site.data.products.db }} organization users and groups from your identity provider (IdP).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[System for Cross-Domain Identity Management (SCIM)](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7644) helps centralize and automate provisioning, deprovisioning, and identity management for {{ site.data.products.db }} organization users and groups from your identity provider (IdP).
```

> Rather than using [invitations](managing-access.html#invite-team-members-to-an-organization) or self-service [autoprovisioning](cloud-org-sso.html#autoprovisioning), SCIM autoprovisioning tasks are performed centrally by a team of IAM admins in your IdP, who manage the assignment of your organization's users to your organization's app integrations. This page describes SCIM provisioning and shows how to configure and use it to provision {{ site.data.products.db }} users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Rather than using [invitations](managing-access.html#invite-team-members-to-an-organization) or self-service [autoprovisioning](cloud-org-sso.html#autoprovisioning), SCIM autoprovisioning tasks are performed centrally by a team of identity and access management (IAM) admins in your IdP, who manage the assignment of your organization's users to your organization's app integrations. This page describes SCIM provisioning and shows how to configure and use it to manage {{ site.data.products.db }} users.
```

### Assign a user or group

To provision a user to {{ site.data.products.db }}, you assign the user or one of their groups to the app integration.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> When you assign a group, accounts are provisioned for each of its members, but the group itself is not provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }}. To provision groups to {{ site.data.products.db }} for role management, refer to [Automate Group Management](#automate-group-management).

Reviewer 2: Again, maybe add Okta specificity here and that we don't know of behavior in other IdPs yet.

> When you assign a group, accounts are provisioned for each of its members, but the group itself is not provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }}. To provision groups to {{ site.data.products.db }} for role management, refer to [Automate Group Management](#automate-group-management).

Author: ```suggestion
When you assign a group to the app integration, accounts are provisioned for each of its members, but the group itself is not provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }}. you must configure your IdP. If your IdP is Okta, you must enable [Group Push](#automate-group-management).
```

> ### Assign a user or group

Reviewer: can we make sure we highlight the part about assignments not provisioning groups downstream? maybe a note or warning could do

### Assign a user or group

To provision a user to {{ site.data.products.db }}, you assign the user or one of their groups to the app integration.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> When you assign a group to the app integration, accounts are provisioned for each of its members, but the group itself is not provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }}. you must configure your IdP. If your IdP is Okta, you must enable [Group Push](#automate-group-management).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you assign a group to the app integration, accounts are provisioned for each of its members, but the group itself is not provisioned in {{ site.data.products.db }}. In Okta, you must enable [Group Push](#automate-group-management) to provision the group and add links to its member users in {{ site.data.products.db }}.
```

1. Click the **Push Groups** tab. Unless you disable **Push group memberships immediately**, changes you make in this tab will be applied immediately.

   1. To link a group:
      1. Click **Push Groups**, then select either **Find groups by name** or **Find groups by rule**.
      1. Find a group to push, and click its name.
      1. Under **Match result & push action**, click **Create Group** to create a new group in {{ site.data.products.db }} and link the Okta group to it. If a group exists in {{ site.data.products.db }} with the same name, click **Link Group**.
   1. To unlink a linked group, select it, then click **Unlink pushed group**.
   1. If you disabled **Push group memberships immediately**, click **Push Now**.

#### Disable Group Push

To disable Group Push, click **Deactivate Group Push**. You can optionally delete the group from {{ site.data.products.db }}. If you choose not to delete it, the group's membership stops being updated by the SCIM app integration, but the group's assigned roles continue to be applied to its members and can be modified.

> #### View a group's details

Reviewer 2: I think this section and the "Manage a group's roles" should be in their own separate 2nd-level header/section outside  "Managed users and groups on Okta". Like:

- Overview of SCIM provisioning
- Requirements
- Manage users and groups on Okta
- Group management in CockroachDB Cloud organization (that's where "View a group's details" and "Manage a group's roles" should go), because this part is agnostic to specific IdPs.
- Troubleshooting
- What's next

Author: Done

- When the group's membership changes in your IdP, those changes are synchronized with the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}. If a {{ site.data.products.db }} account is added to or removed from the group in your IdP, they gain or lose roles granted to the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}.

This section shows how to view and manage a group's roles in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. You can also use the [{{ site.data.products.db }} SCIM API](https://cockroachlabs.com/docs/api/cloud/v1.html#tag--SCIM).

1. In {{ site.data.products.db }} Console, click **Access Management > Groups**.
1. In a group's row, click the three-dots **Action** button, then click **Edit Roles**.
1. The group's granted roles are shown. Add or remove roles, then click **Confirm**.

      {{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
      The fields for inherited roles are read-only, because inherited roles cannot be edited directly. Instead, you must either remove the role from the parent group from which it is inherited, or remove the child group from the parent group.
      {{site.data.alerts.end}}

#### Get a group's ID

> Each pushed group {{ site.data.products.db }} is assigned an ID, which is required to manage the group's roles using the {{ site.data.products.db }} API, but is not displayed in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. A group's ID is returned when you:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each pushed group {{ site.data.products.db }} is assigned an ID, which is required to manage the group's roles using the {{ site.data.products.db }} API or Terraform Provider, but is not displayed in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. A group's ID is returned when you:
```

> ### Automate group management

Author: ```suggestion
<a id="automate-group-management"></a>
### Automate group management with Okta
```

The following sections show how to enable and manage Okta's Group Push feature. For more information and troubleshooting, refer to [Manage Group Push](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-group-push-main.htm) in the Okta documentation.

#### Enable Group Push

To enable Group Push and begin synchronizing a group with {{ site.data.products.db }}:

1. Log in to Okta Admin Dashboard as an admin user.
1. Click **Applications** and click the [SAML](configure-cloud-org-sso.html#saml) app integration for your {{ site.data.products.db }} organization.
1. Click the **Push Groups** tab. Unless you disable **Push group memberships immediately**, changes you make in this tab will be applied immediately.

   1. To link a group:
      1. Click **Push Groups**, then select either **Find groups by name** or **Find groups by rule**.
      1. Find a group to push, and click its name.

>       1. Under **Match result & push action**, click **Create Group** to create a new group in {{ site.data.products.db }} and link the Okta group to it. If a group exists in {{ site.data.products.db }} with the sane name, click **Link Group**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      1. Under **Match result & push action**, click **Create Group** to create a new group in {{ site.data.products.db }} and link the Okta group to it. If a group exists in {{ site.data.products.db }} with the same name, click **Link Group**.
```

   1. To unlink a linked group, select it, then click **Unlink pushed group**.
   1. If you disabled **Push group memberships immediately**, click **Push Now**.

#### Disable Group Push

> To disable Group Push, click **Deactivate Group Push**. You can optionally delete the group from {{ site.data.products.db }}. If you choose not to delete it, the group's membership stops being updated by by the SCIM app integration, but the group's assigned roles continue to be applied to its members and can be modified.

Reviewer: nit: "by" instead of "by by"

A linked group that is unassigned from the app integration continues to appear in {{ site.data.products.db }} unless it is unlinked. Refer to [Automate Group Management](#automate-group-management).

<a id="automate-group-management"></a>
### Automate group management with Okta

The following sections show how to enable and manage Okta's Group Push feature. For more information and troubleshooting, refer to [Manage Group Push](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-group-push-main.htm) in the Okta documentation.

> ### Enable Group Push

Reviewer 2: This is part of the above Automate group management section, right? If yes, Should this have a #### header instead of ###?

Author: Did I misunderstand your feedback in https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/pull/17278#discussion_r1240896501? 
![Screenshot 2023-06-29 at 1 27 25 PM](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/assets/7674613/8f586703-02de-45c6-87ec-dfdef36d6380)

To enable Group Push and begin synchronizing a group with {{ site.data.products.db }}:

1. Log in to Okta Admin Dashboard as an admin user.
1. Click **Applications** and click the [SAML](configure-cloud-org-sso.html#saml) app integration for your {{ site.data.products.db }} organization.
1. Click the **Push Groups** tab. Unless you disable **Push group memberships immediately**, changes you make in this tab will be applied immediately.

   1. To link a group:
      1. Click **Push Groups**, then select either **Find groups by name** or **Find groups by rule**.
      1. Find a group to push, and click its name.
      1. Under **Match result & push action**, click **Create Group** to create a new group in {{ site.data.products.db }} and link the Okta group to it. If a group exists in {{ site.data.products.db }} with the same name, click **Link Group**.
   1. To unlink a linked group, select it, then click **Unlink pushed group**.
   1. If you disabled **Push group memberships immediately**, click **Push Now**.

> ### Disable Group Push

Reviewer 2: This is part of the above Automate group management section, right? If yes, Should this have a #### header instead of ###?

To disable Group Push, click **Deactivate Group Push**. You can optionally delete the group from {{ site.data.products.db }}. If you choose not to delete it, the group's membership stops being updated by the SCIM app integration, but the group's assigned roles continue to be applied to its members and can be modified.

## Manage groups in {{ site.data.products.db }}

### View a group's details

To view details about a group:

1. In {{ site.data.products.db }} Console, click **Access Management > Groups**.
1. In a group's row, click the three-dots **Action** button, then select any of **View Members**, **View Parent Groups**, or **View Child Groups**.

> ### Manage a group's roles

Reviewer 2: Maybe name this header as "Manage a group's roles using UI"?

Within {{ site.data.products.db }}, you can grant [roles](authorization.html#organization-user-roles) to a pushed group, and those roles are automatically granted to the group's members who have accounts in {{ site.data.products.db }}.

> - When you begin pushing a group whose members already exist in {{ site.data.products.db }}, those members are granted the group's roles, in addition to roles explicitly granted to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When you push a group whose members already exist in {{ site.data.products.db }} and assign roles to the group, those members are granted the group's roles, in addition to roles explicitly granted to them.
```

- When the group's membership changes in your IdP, those changes are synchronized with the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}. If a {{ site.data.products.db }} account is added to or removed from the group in your IdP, they gain or lose roles granted to the group in {{ site.data.products.db }}.

> This section shows how to view and manage a group's roles in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. You can also use the [{{ site.data.products.db }} SCIM API](https://cockroachlabs.com/docs/api/cloud/v1.html#tag--SCIM).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section shows how to view and manage a group's roles in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console.

1. In {{ site.data.products.db }} Console, click **Access Management > Groups**.
1. In a group's row, click the three-dots **Action** button, then click **Edit Roles**.
1. The group's granted roles are shown. Add or remove roles, then click **Confirm**.

      {{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
      The fields for inherited roles are read-only, because inherited roles cannot be edited directly. Instead, you must either remove the role from the parent group from which it is inherited, or remove the child group from the parent group.
      {{site.data.alerts.end}}

> ### Get a group's ID

Reviewer 2: And make this header as "Manage a group's roles using API"? 

And then add the link to the Roles API - https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/api/cloud/v1#tag--Role-Management and TF provider - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cockroachdb/cockroach/latest/docs/resources/user_role_grants after the three links you already have to get the Group's ID.

Author: Instead of adding another section, I reworked this to use tabs, one for the Console and one for the API. Added your suggested links to the API tab.
